# Apple Stock Price Prediction with LSTM README

## Overview

This repository contains a Python script for predicting Apple Inc. (AAPL) stock prices using historical data and an LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory)  model. The predictions are generated based on the past 7 days' data.

## Usage

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone [https://github.com/your-username/apple-stock-prediction.git]
    ```

2. **Install the required dependencies:**

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

3. **Run the LSTM-based prediction script:**

    ```bash
    streamlit run Prediction.py
    ```

4. **View the predictions and historical data:**

    The script will output the predicted stock prices for the next day using an LSTM model, and it will also display the stock prices for the past 7 days.

## Data

The historical stock price data is fetched from a reliable financial data source (e.g., YFinance). The dataset includes relevant features such as Open, High, Low, Close prices, and volume.

## LSTM Model

The prediction model utilizes an LSTM architecture, a type of recurrent neural network (RNN), for capturing sequential dependencies in the stock price data. The model is trained on historical stock prices to predict future values.

## Results

The accuracy of the predictions may vary, and it's important to note that stock prices are influenced by various factors, including market conditions, economic indicators, and news events. The LSTM model's predictions should be used as a tool for informational purposes and not as financial advice.

## Disclaimer

This project is for educational and informational purposes only. The predictions generated by the LSTM model should not be considered financial advice. Investing in the stock market involves risks, and it's recommended to conduct thorough research or consult with a financial advisor before making any investment decisions.


## Support and Feedback

If you encounter any issues, have feedback, or suggestions, please open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/AIOnGraph/Apple_price_prediction/issues).
